Add Deployments as Code Documentation (#1632)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-deployments-as-code.md

  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

Once you determine the configuration of your Astro Deployment this configuration can be stored, created or updated using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Managing your Deployments with Deployment files has a few different use cases:

- Simplifies the management of Deployments with a large number of worker queues or environment variables.
- Allows Deployments to be managed as files in a Github repository.
- Allows the quick transfer of existing configuration settings to new Deployments. 
- Allows environment variables and worker queues to be shared between Deployments.
- You’d like to create Deployment Templates that can be used to create Deployments for different use cases. For example a Machine Learning Deployment Template can come with configurations, worker queues, and Variables needed for an ML Deployment at your company

# Deployment File Spec

A Deployment file includes the following specifications:

```yaml

> deployment:

Author: maybe but I think we should keep this up to date. Any change to this spec after 1.9 needs to be well documented in release notes

    environment_variables:
        - key: EXAMPLE
          value: test
        - key: EXAMPLE2
          value:
          is_secret: true
    configuration:
        name: My Test Deployment
        description: A test Deployment created from a Deployment file
        runtime_version: 7.0.0
        dag_deploy_enabled: false
        scheduler_au: 5
        scheduler_count: 1

>         cluster_name: Test Cluster

Reviewer: You can't change a Deployment's cluster after you create it right? Will the CLI throw an error if you try to update it? 

If so, we should include a list of settings that you can't update.

Author: it will through an error. I tried to explain in this doc what could not be updated in later sections

          min_worker_count: 1
          worker_concurrency: 16
          worker_type: m5.xlarge
    alert_emails:
        - me@myorganization.com
        - me2@myorganization.com
# not needed or used when creating or updating a deployment
	metadata:
        deployment_id: clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7
        workspace_id: cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21
        cluster_id: cl8woz99j003j0t37fpux1nbd
        release_name: geodetic-spectroscope-9368
        airflow_version: 2.5.0
        status: HEALTHY
        created_at: 2022-12-09T23:52:56.063Z
        updated_at: 2022-12-09T23:53:04.596Z
        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer.io/cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21/deployments/clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7/analytics
        webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10
```

The following is an example of a Deployment file that is created when you run `astro deployment inspect`. You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create and update a Deployment. The `metadata` section provides information about a Deployment and is not required when you create or delete a Deployment.

### Configuration settings

> Edit the `configuration` section when you need to add or update Deployment settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `configuration` section contains all settings that you can configure from the Deployment **Details** page in the Cloud UI. See:

- [Update a Deployment name and description](configure-deployment-resources.md#update-a-deployment-name-and-description)
- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

```

### Environment variable settings

> You can modify the `environment_variables` section to add or update the environment variables displayed in the Cloud UI. The Deployment file lists all of the environment variables in a Deployment. If an environment variable is marked as secret, the value is not shown, but the `is_secret` value is `true`. You can use the `environment_variables.value` field to add or update secret environment variables. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `environment_variables` section contains configurations Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories.
```

### Worker queue settings

The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include a worker queue named `default` to allow worker queue settings to be added or updated, If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, default values are applied.

> ## Create a Deployment file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment
```

Run the following command to create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment:

```bash
astro deployment inspect -d [deployment_id] > deployment.yaml
```

> After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of original Deployment, or you can use it to create a new Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of original Deployment, or you can use it to create a new Deployment.
```

## Create a Deployment with a Deployment file

> Run the following command to create a new Deployment with a Deployment file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to create a new Deployment on Astro based on a Deployment file:
```

```bash
astro deployment create --name <new-deployment-name> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

The name provided with the `—name` flag will override name field in the Deployment file. If you’d like you could also delete the `metadata` section and change the `name`, `cluster_name`, or any section you’d like before running `astro deployment create`. A few notes on creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

> - The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
```

> - When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.

Reviewer: What's the logic for selecting default worker queue settings?

Author: I'm not sure it's been explained to me as "smart defaults" but a default worker queue will be created if not specified

- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

## Update a Deployment with a Deployment file

Confirm the `configuration.name` field is correct for the Deployment, and then run the following command:

```bash
astro deployment update -d <deployment-id> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

You now can see your updated Deployment in the Astro UI. You can update any of the fields in the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, or `alert_emails` sections of the Deployment File. A few notes on updating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

> - You can’t change the Cluster the Deployment runs on. However, you can use the Deployment file to create a new Deployment with a different Cluster.

Reviewer: Are there any other variables like this? What happens if you attempt to update this in the config file?

Author: you will get an error saying something like you can't change the cluster for an existing deployment. you also can't delete a default worker queue

> - Environment variables are updated to match the `environment_variables` section in the Deployment file. Environment variables that are in the Deployment but not in the Deployment file are deleted. If an environment variable is a secret, remove the value from the Deployment file to ensure it doesn’t change during an update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Deployment's environment variables are updated to match the exact variables configured in `environment_variables`. Any variables that exist in the Deployment but are not in the Deployment file are deleted. If an environment variable is a secret, remove the value from the Deployment file to ensure it doesn’t change during an update.
```
This almost seems worth putting in a `:::danger` note!

> - Worker queues are updated to match the `worker_queues` section in the Deployment file. Worker queues that are in the Deployment but not in the Deployment file are deleted. Omitted values in the `worker_queues` section keep their existing values and are not updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Worker queues are updated to match the `worker_queues` section in the Deployment file. Any existing worker queues that are in the Deployment but not in the Deployment file are deleted.
```
Same here, we should put this in a `:::danger` note.

Deleting the note about unspecified values because that seems like expected behavior.

Author: okay just don't want a user to be confused and do more work than they have to

> ## Next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
id: manage-deployments-as-code
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

> Once you determine the configuration of your Astro Deployment this configuration can be stored, created or updated using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Managing your Deployments with Deployment files has a few different use cases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you configure your Astro Deployment, you can store the configuration as a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:
```

> - Manage Deployment’s with a large number of worker queues or Environment Variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Simplifies the management of Deployments with a large number of worker queues or environment variables.
```

- Manage your Deployments as files in a Github Repository

> - You’d like to create a new Deployment that has the same or similar configuration of an already existing deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allows the quick transfer of existing configuration settings to new Deployments. 
```

- Share Environment Variables and worker queues between Deployments

> - You’d like to create Deployment Templates that can be used to create Deployments for different use cases. For example a Machine Learning Deployment Template can come with configurations, worker queues, and Variables needed for an ML Deployment at your company

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allows the creation of Deployment templates that you can use to create Deployments for different purposes. For example, the worker queues and environment variables in an existing machine learning Deployment template can be repurposed in a machine learning Deployment.
```

> # Deployment File Spec

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deployment file contents
```

> The following section will explain the Deployment File Spec with the example below. The below example is a YAML file but Deployment files can be YAML or JSON files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Deployment file includes the following specifications:
```

```yaml
deployment:
    environment_variables:

>         - key: FOO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - key: EXAMPLE
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/207608712-568c2731-18cf-4fe9-b147-3ca9f9b029e6.png)

>           value: bar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          value: test
```

>         - key: FOO2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - key: EXAMPLE2
```

          value:
          is_secret: true
    configuration:

>         name: My Deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        name: My Test Deployment
```

>         description: test deployment create from file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        description: A test Deployment created from a Deployment file
```

        runtime_version: 7.0.0
        dag_deploy_enabled: false
        scheduler_au: 5
        scheduler_count: 1

>         cluster_name: My Cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        cluster_name: Test Deployment File Cluster
```

>         workspace_name: My Workspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        workspace_name: Test Deployment File Workspace
```

    worker_queues:
        - name: default
          is_default: true
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 1
          worker_concurrency: 16
          worker_type: m5.xlarge
    alert_emails:
        - me@myorganization.com
        - me2@myorganization.com

> # not needed or used when creating/updating a deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# not needed or used when creating or updating a deployment
```

	metadata:
        deployment_id: clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7
        workspace_id: cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21
        cluster_id: cl8woz99j003j0t37fpux1nbd
        release_name: geodetic-spectroscope-9368
        airflow_version: 2.5.0
        status: HEALTHY
        created_at: 2022-12-09T23:52:56.063Z
        updated_at: 2022-12-09T23:53:04.596Z

>         deployment_url: cloud.astronomer-dev.io/cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21/deployments/clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7/analytics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer-dev.io/cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21/deployments/clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7/analytics
```

Should this information be obfuscated or made generic?

Author: This deployment has already been deleted

>         webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer-dev.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10

Reviewer 2: See previous comment.

>         webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer-dev.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10

Author: ```suggestion
        webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10
```

```

> The following is an example of deployment file that is created when you run `astro deployment inspect`. The `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections can be used to create and update a Deployment. The `metadata` section only provides information about a deployment and is not needed when creating or deleting a deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a Deployment file that is created when you run `astro deployment inspect`. You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create and update a Deployment. The `metadata` section provides information about a Deployment and is not required when you create or delete a Deployment.
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configuration settings
```

> The `configuration` section can be used to create and update Astronomer Deployment with specific resources and configurable aspects. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `configuration` section can be used to create and update Astronomer Deployment with specific settings. 
```

> ## Environment Variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Environment variables
```

> The `environment_variables` section can be used to create and update the Astronomer environment variables you see in the UI. The Deployment File will list the fields of all the variables a Deployment has. If a variable is marked as secret the value will not be shown but `is_secret` will be shown as `true`. You can however use the `environment_variables.value` field to update/create secret variables. Just make sure not to commit a Deployment file that contains a secret value to a github repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can modify the `environment_variables` section to add or update the environment variables displayed in the Cloud UI. The Deployment file lists all of the environment variables in a Deployment. If an environment variable is marked as secret, the value is not shown, but the `is_secret` value is `true`. You can use the `environment_variables.value` field to add or update secret environment variables. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories.
```

> ## Worker Queues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Worker queues
```

> The `worker_queues` section can be used define a list of worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployments must have a worker queue named `default`. At least the name `default` needs to be listed to update or create a worker queues, default values will be used for the rest of the fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include a worker queue named `default` to allow worker queue settings to be added or updated, If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, default values are applied.
```

> # Create a Deployment File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create a Deployment file
```

> To create a deployment file from an existing Deployment run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command to create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment:
```

```bash
astro deployment inspect -d [deployment_id] > deployment.yaml
```

> This file will look just like the file that is shown above. You can use this file to store and update the original Deployment with this file or create a new Deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of original Deployment, or you can use it to create a new Deployment
```

> # Create a Deployment with a Deployment File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create a Deployment with a Deployment file
```

To create a new Deployment based on the Deployment File you created below use the following command:

```bash
astro deployment create --name <new-deployment-name> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

> The name provided with the `—name` flag will override name field in the Deployment file. If you’d like you could also delete the `metadata` section and change the `name`, `cluster_name`, or any section you’d like before running `astro deployment create`. A few notes on creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `—name` variable overrides the name field in the Deployment file. You can optionally delete the `metadata` section and change the `name`, `cluster_name`, or other section headings before running `astro deployment create`. Keep the following in mind when creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:
```

Reviewer: This doesn't sound right to me.. you wouldn't be deleting the `metadata` section in its entirety, you're just overriding individual values in the section right? I would remove this sentence entirely:

```
You can optionally delete the `metadata` section and change the `name`, `cluster_name`, or other value before running `astro deployment create`.
```

Author: if you are using the deployment file to create another deployment the metadata section is not needed

Author: need to rewrite this sentence it's actually not correct

- The command flags always override the values given in the file.

> - The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a deployment. The rest of the fields will be auto-populated by “smart defaults”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/207615828-9da7a026-c7e0-4a92-ab54-0687b71bb0bc.png)

> - When creating worker queues only the `name` field is required. The rest of the fields will be auto populated with “smart defaults”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.
```

> - When creating Environment Variables your variable must have `key` and `value`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.
```

> # Update a Deployment with a Deployment File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Update a Deployment with a Deployment file
```

> To update the Deployment you just created first make sure the `configuration.name` field is correct. Then update `deployment.yaml` to the configuration you want and run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Confirm the `configuration.name` field is correct for the Deployment, and then run the following command:
```

```bash
astro deployment update -d <deployment-id> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

> You now can see your updated Deployment in the Astro UI. You can update any of the fields in the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, or `alert_emails` sections of the Deployment File. A few notes on updating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The updated Deployment appears in the Cloud UI. You can update any of the fields in the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, or `alert_emails` sections of the Deployment file. 

When updating a Deployment with a Deployment file, keep the following in mind:
```

> - The command flags always override the values given in the file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The command variables override the values in the Deployment file.
```

> - You can’t change the Cluster the Deployment is running on. However you can create a new Deployment based on your file with a different Cluster for a similar result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can’t change the Cluster the Deployment runs on. However, you can use the Deployment file to create a new Deployment with a different Cluster assignment.
```

> - Your environment variables will be updated to match the `environment_variables` section in the file. This means that environment variables that currently exist in the Deployment but not in the file will be deleted. If a variable is secret omit the value from the file to ensure it doesn’t change during an update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Environment variables are updated to match the `environment_variables` section in the Deployment file. Environment variables that are in the Deployment but not in the Deployment file are deleted. If an environment variable is a secret, remove the value from the Deployment file to ensure it doesn’t change during an update.
```

> - Your worker queues will be updated to match the `worker_queues` section in the file. This means that worker queues that currently exist in the Deployment but not in the file will be deleted. Omitted values in the `worker_queues` section will fallback to there current value and not update to “smart defaults”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Worker queues are updated to match the `worker_queues` section in the Deployment file. Worker queues that are in the Deployment but not in the Deployment file are deleted. Omitted values in the `worker_queues` section keep their existing values and are not updated.
```

> # Next Steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
id: manage-deployments-as-code
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

> After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can  be stored,  stored, created or updated  using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can  be stored, created or updated  using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:
```

        metadata:
        deployment_id: clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7
        workspace_id: cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21
        cluster_id: cl8woz99j003j0t37fpux1nbd
        release_name: geodetic-spectroscope-9368
        airflow_version: 2.5.0
        status: HEALTHY
        created_at: 2022-12-09T23:52:56.063Z
        updated_at: 2022-12-09T23:53:04.596Z
        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer.io/cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21/deployments/clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7/analytics
        webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10
```

You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create and update a Deployment. The `metadata` section provides information about a Deployment and is not required when you create or delete a Deployment.

### Configuration settings

The `configuration` section contains all settings that you can configure from the Deployment **Details** page in the Cloud UI. See:

- [Update a Deployment name and description](configure-deployment-resources.md#update-a-deployment-name-and-description)
- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Environment variable settings

The `environment_variables` section contains configurations Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories.

### Worker queue settings

The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include a worker queue named `default` to allow worker queue settings to be added or updated, If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, default values are applied.

## Create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment

Run the following command to create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment:

```bash

> astro deployment inspect -d [deployment_id] > deployment.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment inspect -d <deployment-id> > deployment.yaml
```

```

After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of original Deployment, or you can use it to create a new Deployment.

## Create a Deployment with a Deployment file

Run the following command to create a new Deployment on Astro based on a Deployment file:

```bash
astro deployment create --name <new-deployment-name> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

The name provided with the `—name` flag will override name field in the Deployment file. If you’d like you could also delete the `metadata` section and change the `name`, `cluster_name`, or any section you’d like before running `astro deployment create`. A few notes on creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.

> - When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on your cluster's available worker types. 
```

Run the following command to create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment:

```bash
astro deployment inspect -d [deployment_id] > deployment.yaml
```

After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of original Deployment, or you can use it to create a new Deployment.

## Create a Deployment with a Deployment file

Run the following command to create a new Deployment on Astro based on a Deployment file:

```bash
astro deployment create --name <new-deployment-name> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

Keep the following in mind when creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. The rest of the fields are autopopulated.
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

## Update a Deployment with a Deployment file

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::danger 

You must push individual Deployment changes alongside all existing Deployment configurations whenever you update a Deployment with a Deployment file. If a configuration exists on Astro but doesn't exist in your Deployment file, such as a worker queue, that configuration is deleted when you push your Deployment file. 

:::

```

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
id: manage-deployments-as-code
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

> After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can  be stored, created or updated  using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can be stored, created or updated using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:
```

- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, only the `name` field is required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on your cluster's available worker types. 
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

## Update a Deployment with a Deployment file

:::danger 

You must push individual Deployment changes alongside all existing Deployment configurations whenever you update a Deployment with a Deployment file. If a configuration exists on Astro but doesn't exist in your Deployment file, such as a worker queue, that configuration is deleted when you push your Deployment file. 

:::

Confirm the `configuration.name` field is correct for the Deployment, and then run the following command:

```bash
astro deployment update -d <deployment-id> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

> The updated Deployment appears in the Cloud UI. You can update any of the fields in the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, or `alert_emails` sections of the Deployment file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated Deployment appears in the Cloud UI.
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
id: manage-deployments-as-code
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

> After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can be stored, created or updated using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you configure your Astro Deployment, its unique configurations can be stored as a JSON or YAML Deployment file.

You can use Deployment files to manage your Deployment as code. Specifically:
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

- Create a template file from an existing Deployment and use it to programmatically create another Deployment with the same configurations. This is an alternative to creating a new Deployment in the Cloud UI and manually copying configurations.
```

> - Quickly update Deployments with a large number of worker queues or environment variables.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Update existing Deployments faster and more easily than doing so with the Cloud UI or individual Astro CLI flags.
```

> - Manage Deployments as files from a Github repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Manage Deployment configurations from a GitHub repository and in a single place.
```

> - Transfer existing configuration settings to new Deployments. 
> - Share environment variables and worker queues between Deployments.
> - Create Deployment templates for specific use cases. For example, the worker queues and environment variables in an existing machine learning Deployment template can be repurposed in a machine learning Deployment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Create a single source of truth for Deployments with a particular use case. For example, standardize your team's configuration of sandbox environments.
```

Reviewer 3: This is all sort of saying the same thing, right?

## Create a template file from a Deployment

> Create a Deployment template file to programmatically create new Deployments based on configurations from an existing Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Deployment template file to programmatically create new Deployments based on configurations from an existing Deployment. A template file is a YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata.
```

> To create a template file, run the following command. Replace `<deployment-template>` with your preferred name for the new template file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a template file from an existing Deployment, run the following command. Replace `<deployment-template>` with your preferred name for the new template file.
```

Reviewer 3: Am I crazy or is there no command here? I feel like we're missing a transition to the contents section?

# This section is only populated when inspecting a Deployment without creating a template. 
# Do not configure metadata when you create a new Deployment from a template. 
        metadata:
        deployment_id: 
        workspace_id: 
        cluster_id: 
        release_name: 
        airflow_version: 
        status: 
        created_at: 
        updated_at: 
        deployment_url: 
        webserver_url: 
```

You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create or update a Deployment. 

The `metadata` section is automatically populated when you run `astro deployment inspect` to check the status of an existing Deployment. Do not configure this section when creating or updating a Deployment with a Deployment file. 

#### `deployment.configuration`

The `configuration` section contains all settings that you can configure from the Deployment **Details** page in the Cloud UI. See:

- [Update a Deployment name and description](configure-deployment-resources.md#update-a-deployment-name-and-description)
- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

#### `deployment.environment_variables`

> The `environment_variables` section contains configurations Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `environment_variables` section contains configurations for Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).
```

> You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories. If you are committing these files to continually update deployments, update secret values manually and leave them blank in the file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories. If you are committing these files to continually update a Deployment, update the secret values manually in the Cloud UI and leave them blank in the file.
```

#### `deployment.worker_queues`

> The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, smart default values based on your available worker types are applied.

Reviewer 3: Link to worker queues doc?

> The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, smart default values based on your available worker types are applied.

Reviewer 3: Better describe what smart default values are?

Reviewer: David didn't have that info, I think this is fine for now until we get clarification?

After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of the original Deployment.

## Create a Deployment Template file from an existing Deployment

Use the `--template` flag when inspecting a deployment to create template file. This template file will not include the metadata, name, or descriptiion from the original deployment.

```bash
astro deployment inspect -n <original-deployment-name> --template > new-deployment.yaml
```

> Now you can use this deployment template file to create a new Deployment with the same configuration as the original.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Keep the following in mind when creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

Reviewer 3: Should this be first above the steps?

> ## Create a Deployment with a Deployment file

Reviewer: I think it makes the most sense to frame this action within the context of a template file. It helps us reinforce the good habit of creating Deployments based on template files instead of Deployment inspection files.

> First update the `configuration.name` field to relect the name of the new Deployment. Then run the following command to create a new Deployment on Astro based on a Deployment file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Deployment template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
2. Run the following command to create a new Deployment based on the Deployment file:
```

```bash

> astro deployment create --deployment-file new-deployment.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template>.yaml
```

> ```bash
> astro deployment create --deployment-file new-deployment.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file new-deployment.yaml
    ```
```

Keep the following in mind when creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:

> - The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can create a Deployment from a standard Deployment file generated by `astro deployment inspect`, but you must replace the existing Deployment name and description and remove the metadata before using it as a template. If you plan on using a Deployment's configuration as a template for future Deployments, Astronomer recommends using `astro deployment inspect --template`.
- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
```

> ## Inspect a Deployment

Reviewer 3: Is this now duplicate?

Reviewer: No, because this is about inspecting as opposed to templating a Deployment. There's no expectation of using this file to create a new Deployment.

Reviewer: There's nothing preventing you from using a template file to update an existing Deployment, but I imagine we don't want people doing it that way because it involves more steps. We should have a separate section that uses the base "Deployment file" workflow for updating Deployments.

- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

#### `deployment.environment_variables`

The `environment_variables` section contains configurations Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories. If you are committing these files to continually update deployments, update secret values manually and leave them blank in the file.

#### `deployment.worker_queues`

The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, smart default values based on your available worker types are applied.

### Create a Deployment from a template file

> 1. In your Deployment template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
> 2. Run the following command to create a new Deployment based on the Deployment file:
> 
>     ```bash
>     astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template>.yaml
>     ```
> 
> Keep the following in mind when creating a Deployment with a Deployment file:
> 
> - You can create a Deployment from a standard Deployment file generated by `astro deployment inspect`, but you must replace the existing Deployment name and description and remove the metadata before using it as a template. If you plan on using a Deployment's configuration as a template for future Deployments, Astronomer recommends using `astro deployment inspect --template`.
> - The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
> - When creating worker queues, the `name` and `worker_type` fields are required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on your cluster's available worker types. 
> - When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you create a Deployment from a template file, keep the following in mind:

- You can create a Deployment from a standard Deployment file generated by `astro deployment inspect`, but you must replace the existing Deployment name and description and remove the metadata before using it as a template. If you plan on using a Deployment's configuration as a template for future Deployments, Astronomer recommends using `astro deployment inspect --template`.
- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, the `name` and `worker_type` fields are required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on your cluster's available worker types. 
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

1. In your Deployment template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
2. Run the following command to create a new Deployment based on the Deployment file:

    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template>.yaml
    ```
```

    configuration:
        name: My Test Deployment
        description: A test Deployment created from a Deployment file
        runtime_version: 7.0.0
        dag_deploy_enabled: false
        scheduler_au: 5
        scheduler_count: 1
        cluster_name: Test Cluster
        workspace_name: Test Workspace
    worker_queues:
        - name: default
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 1
          worker_concurrency: 16
          worker_type: m5.xlarge
    alert_emails:
        - me@myorganization.com
        - me2@myorganization.com
# not needed or used when creating or updating a deployment
        metadata:
        deployment_id: clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7
        workspace_id: cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21
        cluster_id: cl8woz99j003j0t37fpux1nbd
        release_name: geodetic-spectroscope-9368
        airflow_version: 2.5.0
        status: HEALTHY
        created_at: 2022-12-09T23:52:56.063Z
        updated_at: 2022-12-09T23:53:04.596Z
        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer.io/cl0v1p6lc728255byzyfs7lw21/deployments/clbh5ybjz110732503e94m13z7/analytics
        webserver_url: astronomer.astronomer.run/d94m13z7?orgId=org_dlgevirUCwI9vX10
```

> You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create and update a Deployment. The `metadata` section provides information about a Deployment and is not required when you create or delete a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `environment_variables`, `configuration`, `worker_queues`, and `alert_emails` sections to create or update a Deployment. 

The `metadata` section is automatically populated when you run `astro deployment inspect` to check the status of an existing Deployment. Do not configure this section when creating or updating a Deployment with a Deployment file. 
```

### Configuration settings

The `configuration` section contains all settings that you can configure from the Deployment **Details** page in the Cloud UI. See:

- [Update a Deployment name and description](configure-deployment-resources.md#update-a-deployment-name-and-description)
- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

### Environment variable settings

The `environment_variables` section contains configurations Deployment environment variables. See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

You can set `environment_variables.is_secret: true` on any new or existing environment variables to set them as secret, but you won't be able to retrieve the secret value from the Deployment once you push your configuration. Astronomer recommends that you avoid committing Deployment files containing secret values to GitHub repositories. If you are commiting these files to continually update deployments, update secret values manually and leave them blank in the file.

### Worker queue settings

> The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, default values are applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for a worker queue, smart default values based on your available worker types are applied.
```

## Create a Deployment file for an existing Deployment

Run the following command to create a Deployment file from an existing Deployment:

```bash
astro deployment inspect -n <deployment-name> > deployment.yaml
```

After the Deployment file is created, you can use it to update the settings of the original Deployment.

### Create a template file from an existing Deployment

Create a Deployment template file to programmatically create new Deployments based on configurations from an existing Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata.

To create a template file, run the following command. Replace `<deployment-template>` with your preferred name for the new template file.

```bash
astro deployment inspect -n <original-deployment-name> --template > <deployment-template>.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Create a Deployment from a template file

1. In your Deployment template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
2. Run the following command to create a new Deployment based on the Deployment file:

> ```bash
> astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template>.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template>.yaml
    ```
```

- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values for when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, the `name` and `worker_type` fields are required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on your cluster's available worker types. 
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

## Update a Deployment with a Deployment file

:::danger 

You must push individual Deployment changes alongside all existing Deployment configurations whenever you update a Deployment with a Deployment file. If a configuration exists on Astro but doesn't exist in your Deployment file, such as a worker queue, that configuration is deleted when you push your Deployment file. 

:::

Confirm the `configuration.name` field is correct for the Deployment, and then run the following command:

```bash
astro deployment update -d <deployment-id> --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

The updated Deployment appears in the Cloud UI.

> When updating a Deployment with a Deployment file, keep the following in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the following in mind when when updating a Deployment with a Deployment file:
```

title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
id: manage-deployments-as-code
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
</head>

After you configure your Astro Deployment, it can be stored, created or updated using a JSON or YAML Deployment file. Using Deployment files to manage your Deployments provides the following benefits:

- Quickly update Deployments with a large number of worker queues or environment variables.
- Manage Deployments as files from a Github repository.
- Transfer existing configuration settings to new Deployments. 
- Share environment variables and worker queues between Deployments.
- Create Deployment templates for specific use cases. For example, the worker queues and environment variables in an existing machine learning Deployment template can be repurposed in a machine learning Deployment.

> ## Deployment file contents

Reviewer: Rename to "Inspect Deployment"

Reviewer: Potentially move this below template docs?

Reviewer: Also, make file format/ description within the context of the template file vs. the inspection file.

Reviewer 3: Let's do inspect Deployment?

A Deployment file includes the following specifications:

```yaml
deployment:

>     environment_variables:

Reviewer: Link out to here from CLI reference

You can use Deployment files to manage your Deployment as code. Specifically:

- Create a template file from an existing Deployment and use it to programmatically create another Deployment with the same configurations. This is an alternative to creating a new Deployment in the Cloud UI and manually copying configurations.
- Update existing Deployments faster and more easily than doing so with the Cloud UI or individual Astro CLI flags.
- Manage Deployment configurations from a GitHub repository and in a single place.
- Create a single source of truth for Deployments with a particular use case. For example, standardize your team's configuration of sandbox environments.

## Create a template file from a Deployment

Create a Deployment template file to programmatically create new Deployments based on configurations from an existing Deployment. A template file is a YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata.

To create a template file from an existing Deployment, run the following command. Replace `<deployment-template>` with your preferred name for the new template file.

> ``sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > <deployment-template> --template

> ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

```sh
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name> <deployment-template-file-name> --template
```

For more information about inspecting a Deployment, see [Astro CLI command reference](/cli/astro-deployment-inspect.md).

:::tip

To see the complete configuration of a Deployment directly in your terminal and without creating a template file, run:

```
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name>
```

The output of this command includes the name, description, and metadata that is unique to the Deployment.

:::

### Template file reference

When you inspect a Deployment and create a template file, the file will contain the following sections:

- `environment_variables`
- `configuration`
- `worker_queues`
- `alert_emails`

When you use a template file to create a new Deployment, you might choose to change these values. All information in the template file is also available in the Cloud UI. See the following template file as an example.

```yaml
deployment:
    environment_variables:
        - is_secret: false
          key: ENVIRONMENT
          value: Dev
        - is_secret: true
          key: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID

>           value: "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
          value: ""
```

- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values that are used when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, the `name` and `worker_type` fields are required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on the worker types available in your cluster.
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

To create a new Deployment from an existing template file:

1. In your template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
2. Run:

    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template-file-name>
    ```

3. Optional. Confirm that your Deployment was successfuly created by running the following command in your current Workspace:

   ```bash
   astro deployment list
   ```
   
   You can also go to the Workspace page in the Cloud UI.

## Update a Deployment using a Deployment file

> :::danger 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning 
```

---

> sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as Code'
> title: 'Manage Deployments as Code'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployments as code'
title: 'Manage Deployments as code'
```

> id: manage-deployments-as-code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: manage-deployments-as-code
description: "Manage an Astro Deployment with a JSON or YAML file."
```

---

> <head>
>   <meta name="description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
>   <meta name="og:description" content="Manage an Astro Deployment with JSON or YAML Deployment file. This Deployment file can be used to store, create, or update a Deployment's configuration." />
> </head>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
# save the template to a YAML file
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name>  --template  > <deployment-template-file-name>
# save the template to a JSON file
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name>  --template --output json > <deployment-template-file-name>
# print the template to your terminal
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name>  --template
```

For more information about inspecting a Deployment, see [Astro CLI command reference](/cli/astro-deployment-inspect.md).

:::tip

To see the complete configuration of a Deployment directly in your terminal and without creating a template file, run:

```
astro deployment inspect <deployment-name>
```

The output of this command includes the name, description, and metadata that is unique to the Deployment.

:::

### Template file reference

When you inspect a Deployment and create a template file, the file will contain the following sections:

- `environment_variables`
- `configuration`
- `worker_queues`
- `alert_emails`

> When you use a template file to create a new Deployment, you might choose to change these values. All information in the template file is also available in the Cloud UI. See the following template file as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All information in the template file is also available in the Cloud UI. See the following template file as an example.
```

See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

#### `deployment.configuration`

The `configuration` section contains all basic settings that you can configure from the Deployment **Details** page in the Cloud UI. See:

- [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md#create-a-deployment).
- [Update a Deployment name and description](configure-deployment-resources.md#update-a-deployment-name-and-description).
- [Scheduler resources](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

#### `deployment.worker_queues`

The `worker_queues` section defines the worker queues for a Deployment. All Deployment files must include configuration for a `default` worker queue. If you don't enter specific values for the `default` worker queue, default values based on the worker types available on your cluster are applied.

See [Worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

## Create a Deployment from a template file

> You can create a Deployment in the Astro CLI according to the configurations specified in a given template file. Before you do so, keep the following in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Deployment in the Astro CLI according to the configurations specified in a given template file. Before you do, keep the following in mind:
```

- Deployment names must be unique within a single Workspace. Make sure that you replace the `name` field in the file with the desired name of your new Deployment.
- The `name` and `cluster_name` fields are the only fields required to create a Deployment. The CLI will create the Deployment using default values for each unspecified configuration. These default values are the same default values that are used when you create a Deployment from the Cloud UI.
- When creating worker queues, the `name` and `worker_type` fields are required. Any unspecified fields are populated with smart defaults based on the worker types available in your cluster.
- When creating environment variables, each variable must include a `key` and a `value`.

To create a new Deployment from an existing template file:

1. In your template file, provide a name for the new Deployment.
2. Run:

    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file <deployment-template-file-name>

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

```

3. Optional. Confirm that your Deployment was successfuly created by running the following command in your current Workspace:

   ```bash
   astro deployment list
   ```
   
   You can also go to the Workspace page in the Cloud UI.

## Update a Deployment using a Deployment file

:::danger 

You must push a complete Deployment file that lists all valid configurations whenever you update a Deployment with a Deployment file. If a configuration exists on Astro but doesn't exist in your Deployment file, such as a worker queue, that configuration is deleted when you push your Deployment file. 

:::

> A Deployment file is a complete snapshot of an existing Deployment at the point you inspected it. It's similar to a template file, but additionally contains your Deployment's name, description, and metadata. In the same way you use a template file to create a new Deployment, you use a Deployment file to update an existing Deployment with a new set of configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Deployment file is a complete snapshot of an existing Deployment at the point you inspected it. It's similar to a template file, but also contains your Deployment's name, description, and metadata. In the same way you use a template file to create a new Deployment, you use a Deployment file to update an existing Deployment with a new set of configurations.
```
